## 215/0

If players disagree about the legality of a move or the interpretation or application of a rule, then the active player preceding the one moving is to be the Judge and decide the question. Disagreement for the purposes of this rule may be created by the insistence of any player. This process is called invoking Judgment.

When Judgment is invoked for the first time in a turn, the current turn is extended by 24 hours unless the scheduled end of the turn was already more than 24 hours after Judgment’s invocation. If the turn is extended in this manner, and there are still more than 24 hours left in the turn, a majority of active players may consent to revoke the extension.

The Judge's Judgment may be overruled only by either a unanimous vote of the other active players taken before the next turn is begun or the server administrator before the next turn is begun. If a Judge's Judgment is overruled, then the active player preceding the Judge in the playing order becomes the new Judge for the question, and so on, except that no player is to be Judge during his or her own turn or during the turn of a team-mate.

The server administrator can only overrule a Judge’s Judgment if the Judgment egregiously conflicts with the rules and would cause lasting damage to the game. A majority vote of the other active players, taken before the next turn is begun, may nullify the overruling, in which case the original Judgment stands, the original Judge resumes their position as Judge, all Judgments issued by Judges between the overruling and the nullification of the overruling are nullified, and the server administrator is barred from overruling the Judge for the remainder of the turn.

Unless a Judge is overruled, one Judge settles all questions arising from the game until the next turn is begun, including questions as to his or her own legitimacy and jurisdiction as Judge.

New Judges are not bound by the decisions of old Judges. New Judges may, however, settle only those questions on which the players currently disagree and that affect the completion of the turn in which Judgment was invoked. All decisions by Judges shall be in accordance with all the rules then in effect; but when the rules are silent, inconsistent, or unclear on the point at issue, then the Judge shall consider game-custom and the spirit of the game before applying other standards.