## 308/0

When this rule passes, each player is given 5 random words. (https://wordcounter.net/random-word-generator)

At the end of a player's turn, the player is given 5 random words. If a player has more than 25 words, they must discrard words until they have no more than 25 words.  
Groups or individuals of players may combine words to create a temporary rule in #Actions. Once used in a temporary rule, the player cannot use that word again, unless randomly assigned it again. Temporary rules must contain 3 or more words from a player's randomly given word list.

Temporary rules are not rules, but become rules on the next turn, or if the turn ends in less then 24 hours, the turn after that.

Words may be modified to fit gramatically, but the root word meaning must be retained.  
Punctuation as well as numerical characters 0 to 9 may be used freely.  
The following words may be used without players having them:  
the, be, to, of, and, a, in, that, have, it, for, not, on, with, as, you, do, at, this, but, by, from, they, we, or, will, all, there, their, what, so, if, when, can, no, into, some, can, other, than, then

By default rules created from temporary rules may not superceed other rules, and are numbered 600's and above.  
This rule superceed all previous rules.

This rule has the authority to repeal rules created from temporary rules.  
Changes to this rule, can cause ammendments or removal of rules created from temporary rules.  
Rules created from temporary rules that, either by general consensus or by the Judge's reasoning, are paradoxical, create a situation that has an ambiguous legality, or are too vague to be resolved with confidence are repealed.

A vote may be invoked in #actions to destroy a temporary rule before it becomes a rule. Once invoked, players have untill the end of the next day (24-48hrs) to vote. At the end of the time period (midnight), if a 65% majority agree, the temprory rule is destroyed, else the temproary rule becomes a rule at the end of the current turn.